Extend decorator documentation (#73)
sindresorhus/mem: readme.md

### mem.decorator(options)

Returns a [decorator](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-decorators) to memoize class methods.

Notes:

> - Only class methods and getters/setters can be memoized, not regular functions (they aren't part of the proposal);

Author: ?

```suggestion
- Only class methods and accessors can be memoized, not regular functions (they aren't part of the proposal);
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Only class methods and accessors can be memoized, not regular functions ([they aren't part of the proposal]());
```

Reviewer: I personally prefer `getters/setters`

Reviewer 2: `accessors` is the correct term, but I think `getters/setters` is better as it's more commonly known.

> - Only [TypeScript’s decorators](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/decorators.html#parameter-decorators) are supported, not Babel’s;

Reviewer: Maybe you can link to Babel decorators as well?

Author: ```suggestion
- Only [TypeScript’s decorators](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/decorators.html#parameter-decorators) are supported, not [Babel’s](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-plugin-proposal-decorators), which use a different version of the [Decorators Proposal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-decorators/issues/69);
```
